Alright. In this video, I want to talk
about some of the best practices with
Hibernate. Now we did not implement any
type of equal hash code function and
that could cause us a problem here
in theory, at least. There's a couple of
nuances to this. And right now, we're just
using object, in the underlying object
equality and hash code. And that might
not be what we want to use. There's
two schools of thought on this. One is we
can go ahead and work with the ID value.
So the ID value is gonna get
generated at time of persistence. That is
one way to do it. The downside here is on
line 14 there. You can see that we're
using a generation type of AUTO. So this
ID values going to get changed when the
object is persisted for the first time.
I'll go from doll to having a value and
this could cause problems within a set.
But hibernate does recommend if we are
working with sets, which we are, to
implement these values and the preferred
is to use a unique business key. And in
this case, we don't have a unique
business key, in theory, like an author we
could say first-name lastname, but there
could be two different authors with the
same name. So we don't have a unique key to
work with. So what we can do is use the
ID value. We can come in and right-click
in IntelliJ. You can right-click and
say Generate, and we say equals() and
hashcode(). Let's go ahead and do Next here.
And I'm just going to use the ID value
of the JPA entity, and we'll say Next, and
do that, and now we have this implemented
here. That gives us the
implementation of hashcode() and equals().
And one other thing that we can do is
come down here and also say Generate and
this is more for aesthetics can also
say generate and do a toString method.
IntelliJ has a nice method here and
this will give us a pretty output
to string. So this is something that we
want to do, as far as working with the
set. So I'm going to do the same thing on
book. And we're just going to do the ID
value, as well, on the book because
again, we don't have a good key to go off
of title. We could have more than one
book with that same title. It's been, in
theory, should be unique in practice than  in logistics. It should be unique
but can't always count on that, being
unique, so we don't have... again, we don't
have a valid, always going to be unique
business key that can use, so we're
getting use the ID value. I'll just gonna
go through and take the defaults on
this, so we can see. We could argue about
the perfect implementation of that
equals method, and this is going to vary
based on your business case. So you're
gonna have to apply some Java
programming 101.
Think about this. There are some pitfalls
of this but this does give us a basic
implementation, and I'm also going to
implement the two string method so we
have some pretty outputs in here. So the
biggest thing here is to remembers that
we are working with sets here, so Java
101 stuff, what set is going to be using
these methods to determine if that
object is duplicated inside that set. So
now, before we were using the default
object, so with that object ID, now we
actually have an implementation of that
so and we are looking at just the ID
value in here. So when we have two objects
with the same ID, they will be considered
equal. Now if they have different IDs so
that would be considered different and
that's kind of the behavior that we want
to see going forward in the course in
this particular use case.